we pick up right where the last part
left off with Cybertron being pulled
into Earth's orbit spike tries once
again to talk some sense into his dad
the working-class mechanic and former
crystal miner who suddenly developed
illusions of Vader I told you don't call
me that
a rather disorganized and fairly
half-hearted battle happens but the
crazy meteorological side effects of
Megatron's plan make things a bit
difficult for instance did you realize
that if you fire a laser into heavy
winds it'll blow back at you
thundercracker clearly didn't the battle
ends with Soundwave emitting some kind
of sonic waves for no apparent reason
the waves disrupt the hypnotized human
slaves in some shots anyway and mess up
transformers on both sides depending on
who we're looking at and wind I can't
emphasize enough just how little sense
any of this really makes oh except now
we've been given a hint as to how to
stop the hypno chips see it's not
nonsense
it's foreshadowing sometime around now
and lasting through the next five or ten
minutes of the episode spike starts
acting really stoned it's actually kind
of funny since it goes completely
unaddressed
huh meanwhile in Decepticon HQ dr.
archival explains I was hip no tips work
being a mindless slave is simplicity
itself thanks to the brilliant
complexity of my hip no gym simplicity
from complexity archival I can only
assume you scored just as highly in mad
English as you did in Mad Science
archival asked for more raw material to
turn into slaves and we cut to laser be
kidnapping a couple of fat security
guards now I'm no evil genius but it
seems to me they can go about this with
a more careful eye for quality and
quantity but what do I know
the Autobots eventually begin the long
drive home and they seem to be having
real trouble with what appears to be a
light rain remember these are the guys
who have driven across oceans and even
to the Arctic Circle but rain for some
reason really messes them up fortunately
Optimus can do this which naturally
solves the problem duh the next seven
hours involve bumblebee falling into a
hole which is a pretty ingenious
sequence that gives us the audience the
sensation of being trapped and all
ourselves I can make you sit through
every agonizing detail of the little
guys struggle but like I said I'm not an
evil genius I'll spare you the trouble
and just tell you that he gets out fine
which will no doubt amaze you
the Autobots eventually get home and
agonize over all the devastation then
they come up with a brilliant plan to
end all brilliant plans they'll let the
Dinobots out of their closet and make
them fight the natural disasters I swear
I'm not making a word of that up
brilliant plan number two is fairly
sensible by comparison
Skyfire and a small complement of
Autobots will fly to Cybertron an
attempt to rescue sparkplug and sort out
this whole human slave business
fortunately they walk right into the
room where shockwave is carelessly left
his plans right there for anyone to see
spike tries to turn his dad good by
leaving his favorite tool behind the
second time in two episodes the kid
tries to solve his problems with a
wrench but the old man's having none of
it he narcs on the Autobots spike cries
and we have to wait another week to see
what happens next and now it's time for
this week's science lesson polling a
planet into Earth's orbit will cause
long dormant volcanoes to erupt but it's
okay because you can stop a volcano
erupting by throwing a few rocks into
the lava
you